Chapter 31: The Second Generation of Heroes (6)

As for these matters, Yuan Qingning, who was busy in the entertainment industry, focusing on becoming a dazzling, attention-grabbing superstar, naturally knew nothing about them. It wasn’t like she hadn’t been out recently; during this period, she often visited Yuan Rong’s company, bringing him snacks and fruits, which led to some rumors. The public didn’t know that Yuan Qingning was adopted by General Yuan, but because they were aware of Guo Rong Technology’s impressive background, they didn’t dare to name names, only speculating that Yuan Qingning might be in a relationship with a high-ranking official from the company.

Yuan Qingning found this rather amusing and blushed with a shy smile, her eyes sparkling. "Rong Ge, I'm sorry, it's all my fault."

"It’s fine, there are so many high-ranking officials, who knows who they’re talking about." Yuan Rong glanced at her and said.

"Mm."

"You’ve been coming here often lately. Did you have a fight with Yuan Yao?" Yuan Rong asked. She had always been closer to Yuan Yao, so he was puzzled by her sudden frequent visits to him.

"No, it’s just that Brother Yao went back to school, and he's in a military academy. I don’t want to disturb him."

"Is that so?" Although it was a closed-off military school, with their family’s power, it would only take a few words to find someone there. She had often visited Yuan Yao before, so why say this now?

Yuan Rong’s eyes were always calm, but there was a quiet sharpness to them, as if he could see through certain matters and people without saying a word. It was hard to tell what he was thinking. Yuan Qingning felt a little nervous under his gaze and quickly added, "This year, isn’t there the National Youth Heroes Games? Brother Yao needs to train, and I don’t want to disturb him or waste his time."

The National Youth Heroes Games, officially known as the "National Junior Hero Sports Meet," was a biennial event where students from all schools participated in sports competitions to showcase their physical strength and war drills to display their wisdom.

Due to the threat of extraterrestrial invaders, humanity had seemingly fallen from the top of the food chain. People were filled with confusion about the future, and countless apocalyptic-themed films and TV shows emerged, expressing concerns about the planet's future. As a result, nations around the world placed great importance on soldiers who protected their homeland, evidenced by the increasing number of military schools being established. The excellence of the youth was the most reassuring thing to people. No matter how hopeless the current situation was, the outstanding young people growing up always gave a sense of hope. A strong youth meant a strong nation.

To maintain social stability and development, the National Youth Heroes Games emerged. This year marked the 13th edition.

Yuan Rong nodded, seemingly accepting this explanation.

Yuan Qingning stood up reluctantly. "Well, I’ll be going now, Rong Ge. Remember to eat the snacks and give me some feedback."

"Mm."

It was human nature to desire what one couldn’t have. Yuan Qingning believed Yuan Yao was already hers. She was satisfied with his looks and physique, but recalling that in the previous life, Yuan Rong had liked Xie Yingying and treated her so well, while in this life, he didn’t seem to like her, she couldn’t help but feel dissatisfied. But that was fine. She would get him eventually! If Xie Yingying could have what she wanted, so could she!

Thinking of this, after Yuan Qingning got in the car, she told the driver, "Take me to Qingyan High School."

In her previous life, she had suffered a lot at Qingyan High School, and she couldn’t help but want to go there as a glamorous superstar. Perhaps some of the people who had bullied her in the past had become her fans and were now begging for autographs. Just thinking about it made her feel delighted. Of course, the most important thing was that she wanted to see how miserable Xie Yingying looked now.

However, she didn’t get in because of the robot by An Cui’s side. Qingyan High School was now under a real lockdown, preventing anyone from entering or leaving to avoid leaking secrets.

Yuan Qingning had to return disappointed, but it didn’t matter. She thought to herself that even without entering, she could still imagine how wretched Xie Yingying was now.

...

In Yuan Qingning's mind, An Cui, who had been bullied to the point of feeling worse than death, was now dismantling the refrigerator in their class. Behind her, a few lackeys were crouching, handing her tools. In the hallway, many people were present, and because she was too big to fit through the door, An Dabao, who had been driven out of the class, squatted outside like a big dog, watching through the window.

"Stop touching me! I’ll accuse you of sexual harassment!" An Dabao argued with the girls who were touching her. It wasn’t that there weren’t boys who wanted to touch her, but since the girls' department was all girls, the boys couldn’t reach her.

"What's wrong with touching a little? Don’t be so petty. Ying Jie didn’t say we couldn’t touch. You don’t have the right to say no."

"Yeah, yeah."

"Do you even have a little brother? Where is he? Where is he?"

"Ah! Shameless! I want my beautiful and noble master!"

"Hahahaha..."

At that moment, outside the teaching building, a long ladder was extended, and a muscular boy climbed up aggressively.

"Go, Meng Ge, kill that woman!" His companions shouted in encouragement from below.

He quickly reached the fourth floor.

"Cao Meng!" A girl inside the classroom saw the boy suddenly appear outside the window and screamed in surprise.

Instantly, everyone in the class looked over and screamed.

Cao Meng stood on the windowsill, one hand pressing against the window frame, grinning at An Cui. "Hahaha, Xie Yingying, now your robot can’t get in the classroom. Let’s see what you do! I’ll settle both the old and new scores with you today!"

An Cui looked at the big, muscular boy, then glanced at the refrigerator door in her hand. She suddenly grabbed a piece and threw it at Cao Meng. Cao Meng raised his foot and stomped on it, grinning. "This time, without the robot to help you, let’s see how you’re going to show off!"

"Oh? Is that so?" An Cui smiled hypocritically.

Cao Meng looked down and saw that his ankle had somehow been caught by an iron ring. In that instant, An Cui suddenly lifted the refrigerator door, and Cao Meng, who had stepped on it, lost his balance and fell backward.

"Ah!!"

The girls watching this screamed. This was the fourth floor! What if he dies from the fall?!

For a moment, Cao Meng thought he was going to break his neck and die, but just before hitting the ground, the iron ring on his foot tightened, and he was bounced back, hanging between the first and second floors. He realized that the iron ring was connected to a long rope.

All the girls in the girls' department ran over to watch this scene, while the boys below stared at their leader, stunned.

The notorious school bully of Qingyan High School, Cao Meng, the youngest son of General Cao, who had been causing trouble for years, was now being hung upside down in the air, surrounded by all the girls and his own subordinates. It was like a public execution.

Cao Meng’s face turned from red to purple, then to ashen. He shouted at the girls, "Get lost, or I’ll make you regret it!" Then he shouted at his subordinates, "Damn it, why aren’t you coming to get me down?!"

"Splash!" As soon as he finished shouting, a bucket of cold water poured down on him, drenching him completely.

"..."

"..."

"..."

"Poof!"

"Poof!"

One by one, the suppressed laughs echoed.

Cao Meng: "Xie Yingying!!!!"

An Cui propped her elbow on the windowsill and rested her chin on her hand, throwing the water basin to the side to one of her lackeys, her face full of joy.

Cao Meng had developed a deep hatred for An Cui, and from that moment on, he was determined to challenge her every day. However, An Cui never played by the rules, always showing everyone how a clever mind was far stronger than powerful limbs.

In just a few days, Cao Meng experienced being publicly humiliated in various ways—hung upside down on the girls' department teaching building, then hung upside down on the girls' dormitory building, stripped naked and hung upside down on the girls' teaching building, and even hung from the flagpole—all of these public punishments that shattered his dignity and pride.

His lackeys couldn’t help but tremble and advised, "Boss, maybe we should just let it go..."

"How could I let it go?!" Cao Meng's face twisted with rage, gritting his teeth. "Just wait! Tomorrow's the practical exam, I’ll make sure to deal with her!"

"But boss, Xie Yingying is a second-year student, not in our grade, we can't..." one lackey started to say.

"Can't what? Just watch," Cao Meng spat out, still furious.

Normally, the boys' and girls' departments were taught separately, but sometimes they had joint classes, like the practical combat exam, where students would spar with each other. This exam was held once a month, and in Qingyan High School, students woke up at 5:30 AM for morning exercises, had classes until 10:00 PM, with lights out at 10:30, no internet, and no phone calls to the outside world. Besides the regular classes, there was also physical training, making it an incredibly tough school.

Qingyan High School had only about 500 students across the boys' and girls' departments. It was such a tough school that many parents found it hard to send their children there, especially with some students being juvenile delinquents.

Today, the weather was nice, and the sky was so blue it made people feel relaxed.

The students from the high school gathered on the sports field. According to the usual rules, they would form a circle by grade level, sitting in layers on the ground. After the instructor explained the rules, they would call out names, and those whose names were called would go to the center of the circle to spar. The instructor would then score them.

However, this time there was an unexpected change: students from all grades were mixed together, meaning higher grade students might be paired with lower grade students, under the pretext of letting older students teach the younger ones, or giving the younger ones a chance to show the older students what "new blood" could do.

An Cui immediately realized it was Cao Meng’s doing when she saw him sneering at her across the field.

Even Cao Meng’s instructor couldn't help but remind him, "Don't forget, just tap and stop. Don't overdo it. Xie Yingying's hands and mind are valuable assets to our country."

General Cao, Cao Meng’s father, was aware of his son's recent situation at school, and he probably felt frustrated as well. Shouldn't he create an opportunity for his son to turn the tide? However, he also wouldn't joke with someone who's valuable to the country. He had already warned his son to know where to stop.

"Got it, stop nagging," Cao Meng said. He wasn’t a fool. He just wanted to show this trickster who kept playing dirty tricks that he had the strength to win. Without her tricks and little gadgets, she would never have beaten him!

Cao Meng clenched his fists, eagerly waiting for the instructor to call out his and An Cui's names.

"Xie Yingying, Qin Li," the female instructor, Zhou Yu, announced.

Unexpectedly, although An Cui’s name was called, the opponent’s name wasn’t his. Cao Meng immediately looked at his instructor, who also furrowed his brows and glanced at another instructor, Zhou Yu. She was a female instructor, and she should have known how this practical exam worked—so why did she change An Cui’s opponent without asking?





==============================================================

Chapter 32: Second-Generation Heroes (7)

An Cui looked at Qin Li, who stood up from the crowd. As she passed by Zhou Yu, the instructor patted her shoulder, offering a look of encouragement. Qin Li smiled gratefully at her, but her eyes were filled with provocation and malice as she glanced at An Cui.

“Ying Jie, good luck!”

“Ying Jie, be careful. Qin Li came from the middle school division, and her fists and kicks are very strong.”

“……”

Qin Li had originally been the leader of the girls' division, and no one dared to mess with her. However, after An Cui's arrival, due to her abilities and the charm of An Dabao, most people sided with An Cui, leaving Qin Li with only a small group of followers who were just as petty and cruel as she was. During this time, Cao Meng frequently provoked An Cui, but she and her gang remained strangely silent, causing many to forget about Qin Li.

Now, as Qin Li stood up, her vicious aura sent a chill down the spines of those around her.

It was obvious she was a tough character.

An Cui walked towards Qin Li.

Qin Li was quite beautiful, but her malicious gaze made her resemble a colorful but venomous snake. Looking at An Cui's face, she sneered, "Your face is quite pretty, but too bad it’s not on my face." As soon as she finished speaking, before the instructor had even blown the whistle, she suddenly attacked An Cui.

An Cui had already anticipated that such a person wouldn’t wait for the instructor’s signal to strike. She was prepared, and thus Qin Li’s surprise attack failed. The two immediately engaged in a battle.

At 12, Qin Li had killed her stepmother, an incident that caused quite a stir at the time. Initially, people thought the stepmother had mistreated her, which led Qin Li to murder her in self-defense. However, the investigation later revealed that the stepmother had treated her very well and provided for her without neglect. The real reason Qin Li killed her was that she feared the stepmother would treat her poorly after giving birth to her own child.

Due to the laws in Country M, a 12-year-old criminal was not held criminally responsible. As a result, she was sent to Qingyan High School to continue her studies and undergo tough training and rehabilitation.

Her academic performance was poor, but her combat skills were exceptional. Anyone who saw her could feel the deadly force in her punches, which seemed as though they could shatter a table with every strike.

An Cui also felt the hardness of her punches and the agility of her movements. A right hook came at her with the force of a gale. An Cui furrowed her brows and tilted her head to avoid it, but suddenly, she felt a sharp pain on her cheek. She pulled away and touched her face, finding blood.

But before anyone could react, Qin Li attacked again.

Soon, An Cui had another cut on her face. It was strange; she had clearly avoided her punch, and their skin hadn’t even touched. Why had she been injured? Then, An Cui understood.

That despicable woman had hidden a needle in her fingers. When she threw her punch at An Cui’s face, the needle had quietly revealed its tip and sliced her cheek.

Very well. Such a person should be sent to the military, where, in times of disaster, she would be the one to push her comrades in front of danger. An Cui despised such people. Her eyes darkened with contempt.

An Cui feigned a move, tricking Qin Li into exposing the needle hidden in her fingers. When it came at her again, An Cui swiftly ducked and moved to her side. She grabbed Qin Li’s arm, bent it inward, and used her own elbow to force Qin Li’s fist back toward her. Then, with one swift kick to her knee, Qin Li fell to the ground with a loud crash.

The two moves were seamless and fast, taking only a second. Qin Li screamed in pain as she hit the ground, “Ahhh!!”

The fight was fast, and many people didn’t have time to react to why An Cui’s face suddenly started bleeding. It wasn’t until Qin Li screamed that the two instructors noticed something was wrong. They rushed forward, and the students sitting in a circle exchanged glances and began whispering among themselves.

“Qin Li! Get the nurse here now!” the male instructor shouted to the students.

“How dare you be so despicable!” Zhou Yu, the female instructor, glared at An Cui in fury. Because Qin Li had hit herself with her own punch, the consequences were severe. The needle’s tip had pierced her eye. What had initially been a small puncture became a deep wound as An Cui’s kick sent her crashing to the ground, pushing the needle fully into her eye.

An Cui frowned and took a handkerchief from her pocket to wipe the blood from her face. She coolly said, “Instructor Zhou Yu, don’t think that just because you're Zhou Zhongxiao’s daughter, you can speak nonsense with your eyes wide open. A mere Zhou Zhongxiao? Even without my adoptive father’s help, I could easily deal with him. It would be simple to find out who brought the needle. Right now, I believe you and her are accomplices. Do you think I’ll let you go? Hmm?”

An Cui’s tone was casual, and her gaze toward Zhou Yu was contemptuous and arrogant. This made Zhou Yu’s heart sink, and her anger quickly subsided. It was easy to find out who had brought the needle, and An Cui’s facial injury was proof of that. Zhou Yu’s face turned pale as she explained, “I didn’t know she would do something like that, but I believe it wasn’t intentional.”

The viewers watching the live stream, who had been laughing along with the fun brought by Cao Meng, were now in an uproar:

【What the hell, there’s actually a saint!】

【Ahhh, I can’t stand people like this! Cui Cui, kill her!!】

【So disgusting. Even though it was just one short sentence, it completely turned my stomach!】

【Every time I see these living saints, I just want to punch them!】

【[I’ll go to hell?GIF]】

【……】

An Cui coldly curled her lips and didn’t waste any more words with Zhou Yu. She turned around and walked out. On her way, she met Cao Meng, and with a sneer, she said, “Not bad, is this what you wanted me to know? Looks like when it comes to being despicable, you’re the ones who are better at it.”

Cao Meng instantly became enraged, “What did you say? I’m not in cahoots with her!”

An Cui ignored him. She got into the car that had just arrived from the medical office, even kicking the driver out and taking the car herself. The medical staff had no choice but to carry the severely injured Qin Li to the medical office on foot.

Cao Meng chased after An Cui’s car, yelling, “Hey! Stop! Tell me clearly! Who’s despicable? I have nothing to do with Qin Li, you hear me? Stop!”

This incident was reported to higher-ups.

Someone shook their head, “Zhou Zhongxiao’s daughter, I remember her well. How could she be so clueless in this situation? Why is she defending Qin Li?”

“Exactly. Qin Li hasn’t improved over the years. She’s a potential social criminal.”

“Is it because of Zhou Zhongxiao’s second wife? Sympathy for a fellow sufferer?”

Midweek, the lieutenant colonel still defended his daughter, asking, "What does it have to do with her?" If there was one mistake she made, it was being too kind, trying to give Qin Li a chance, not knowing she would act like this. Originally, it was just a small case of negligence, and with her being the lieutenant colonel's daughter, it would probably only result in submitting a self-reflection report, and nothing more.

General Yuan had been waiting for An Cui to call him, so he could help her and ease the situation between them. He also wanted to make amends. However, he never expected that An Cui never called.

An Cui didn’t call him, didn’t report to anyone, but after that day, she no longer read her professional books, stopped going to the factory they set up for her, stopped dismantling the machines, and spent all day playing cards with her classmates. Within a few days, the higher-ups became anxious.

“Doesn't Zhou Yu know that he's hindering her vision and her brain? Get her out of Qingyan immediately!”

“Compared to her casually reforming the robots' brains, what's the big deal with Lieutenant Colonel Zhou's daughter? She finally got out of the entertainment industry. If she wants to go back to writing songs and singing, who will bear the loss?!”

The brains of scientists are invaluable. Their existence often determines the future of humanity, and their worth cannot be measured by money.

So, Zhou Yu was transferred out of Qingyan High School.

Qin Li lost an eye, and without her backing, she had offended Cao Meng over this matter. Life at Qingyan became unbearable. Her sycophants scattered, all shrinking like quails, fearing they would be the next to suffer.

No one in the girls' department dared to speak against An Cui.

So, when she announced that Qingyan High School would participate in the All-English Conference and that she would select some students for training, although everyone thought An Cui was dreaming and found it absurd, no one dared to show their dissatisfaction. The selected students obediently stood up, hiding their displeasure.

“Ying Jie, our school is going to participate... it’s just to humiliate ourselves,” someone raised their hand and said softly.

“Why?”

“Our school is quite special. It's called a military school, but it's not as professional as other military schools. It's also not a normal school; it’s more like a reform school for troubled kids. Compared to other real military schools, we’re very looked down upon,” she said, seemingly indifferent, but a hint of gloom flashed in her eyes. Others shared her sentiment.

The uniqueness of Qingyan High School meant that every student harbored some trauma, feeling abandoned by their parents, sent to this place as rebellious children.

The All-English Conference is a national event that has replaced the Olympics in terms of attention, with multiple TV and online channels broadcasting from opening to closing. While all military schools can sign up, only the most outstanding ones dare to participate.

If military schools are ranked by size, teaching resources, and facilities, Qingyan High School would be at the bottom. If they participated, they would be despised by the students from elite military schools.

“What are you afraid of?” An Cui glanced at them and said, “As long as I’m here, we will be first. All you need to do is stand tall, walk forward, and show the world that we have arrived.”

524: "...Such a typical, cringe-worthy line! I’m so embarrassed I want to curl my toes!!"

Though it seemed like a dramatic line to adults, to teenagers going through their rebellious phase, it was exhilarating and full of passion... but reality soon brought them down to earth.

Even the instructors and teachers were stunned when they heard An Cui wanted to enter the All-English Conference. They couldn't believe it. But An Cui wasn't asking for their approval; she was merely informing them.

“Wow, the brain of a genius really works differently from ours,” the instructor muttered, watching An Cui’s back.

“What is she trying to do? She could stay in the lab and work on robots. Why bother with the All-English Conference? What if she gets laughed at?”

“Even if she gets laughed at, it won’t matter. The All-English Conference isn’t a joke. Those who dare to show up are all the best.”

“By the way, Xie Yingying’s second brother, Yuan Yao, the son of General Yuan, is a student at the Zhengshi Military School. He will also participate in the All-English Conference. Maybe with him there, it’ll go better…”

“……”

No matter what others said, An Cui had already made up her mind to participate.

No one expected that when An Cui said, “Stand tall, walk forward,” she meant it literally.

She stopped the girls’ department from attending classes and took them to the field for training. She selected sixty girls from the three grades in the high school department, arranged them in three rows of twenty.

The selected girls had no idea what An Cui wanted them to do, only knowing they had to follow her instructions. It turned out, An Cui just wanted them to walk. However, every detail was strictly controlled—from the spacing between them to the height of their steps, the size of their strides, the force with which they placed their feet, and even the arc of their arm movements. Every centimeter mattered. It seemed easy, but training turned out to be grueling and difficult. They would have preferred to be back in the classroom.

Those who protested were swiftly shut down, with An Cui, the "Demon King," declaring, “We won’t go back to class until this formation is perfect and powerful!”

They could only continue training with tears in their eyes.

The instructors were equally baffled, growing more convinced that An Cui was just playing around. If she really wanted to enter the All-English Conference, she should be focusing on physical training, requesting shooting lessons... Instead, she had them practicing marching under the hot sun?

The boys’ department heard about An Cui’s plans and Cao Meng immediately brought a group to mock her, only to see the girls' training and laugh uproariously.

“Hey, is this a group of elementary school students walking in line after school?”

“Hahahaha…”

An Cui was looking at the three rows of girls, thinking the number was too few to be impressive. Hearing the laughter, she slowly turned her gaze to the group of tall, hormone-fueled boys in the boys' department.

The boys who had been laughing suddenly felt a chill run down their spines.

=========================================================


Chapter 33: The Next Generation of Heroes (VIII)

An Cui: "Hey, Cao Meng."

Cao Meng immediately became vigilant: "What is it?"

"Come with me for a moment," An Cui said as she turned and walked away. An Dabao, who had been squatting nearby, immediately followed with quick steps.

"You tell me to come with you, and I just follow? Isn't that too embarrassing?" Cao Meng yelled at An Cui's back. However, seeing that An Cui didn't stop walking, he cursed under his breath and chased after her.

An Cui led him to her exclusive factory.

Cao Meng: "What is it?"

"I’m preparing to participate in the All-English Competition. You should come too."

"Huh? You’re going crazy and want to drag me along? Do you think I’m a fool?!"

An Cui: "Yes."

"Crap…"

"Stop talking nonsense. You’re from the Cao family, and you started out at a prestigious military academy. But because of a fight, you were sent to this kind of prison school. I don’t need to say much about the reasons. Let me ask you: are you really content to be under your proud older brother's thumb forever? Are you okay with being looked down on by your father? You’re in your third year of high school, and you’ll graduate next year. Do you want to enter the military like a nobody, serve in the lower ranks for three years, and then start all over again in society?"

This wasn't a secret. General Cao had two sons. He constantly talked about his eldest son and would praise him in front of everyone. But he rarely mentioned his younger son. Both children were his own, but his preference for his eldest son was well-known.

The reason General Cao favored his eldest son wasn't without cause. He had a fiery temper and a strong competitive spirit, holding high expectations for both his subordinates and himself. His eldest son, whether in terms of intelligence or ability, was exceptionally outstanding, a top performer among his peers. With such a perfect older brother, General Cao had very high expectations for Cao Meng, comparing him to his older brother, Cao Jiao, since childhood. Whenever Cao Meng made a mistake, General Cao would harshly criticize and nitpick him.

Cao Meng’s expression turned cold. "You think saying all this will make me go along with you and embarrass myself?"

"Do you really think other military school students will defeat you badly?"

"Our school doesn’t have important subjects like shooting, military courses, or practical drills. We don’t have the military academies, military scientific institutes, or military hospitals that regular military schools have. We only do running, squats, and horse stance. You think this is a military school? You want to participate in the All-English Competition? Let me ask you, how will you compare with others?" Cao Meng asked with a serious face, thinking that An Cui was really crazy to think they could participate in the competition without embarrassing themselves in front of the entire nation.

"That’s right. Qingyan High School is indeed lacking compared to real military schools. It would be unfair to let Qingyan students compete against students from real military schools. But one of the most interesting aspects of the All-English Competition is that, in order to show the public the excellence and reliability of young people and the diverse development of military schools, the students participating in the competition will use weapons and equipment developed by their own school's military scientific research institute."

"So what? Our school doesn’t have a military science—" Cao Meng suddenly thought of something and looked at An Cui with wide eyes, shocked.

An Cui smiled strangely at him: "What if, at the All-English Competition, each of us has a mech like An Dabao’s? Wouldn’t that scene be spectacular?"

Cao Meng didn’t know what a mech was, but he knew An Dabao. He had always dreamed of how to get his hands on An Dabao. Hearing An Cui say this, he imagined the scene and his facial muscles twitched. He didn’t know what expression to make, but it seemed like he was incredibly excited. Finally, he blurted out, "Damn!"

The audience in the live stream couldn’t help but laugh like pigs:

【Oh my god, hahahahaha, they’re really going to make mechs!!】
【I’m kneeling so hard, my knees are about to break, just let me keep kneeling for Cui Cui! My knees are all yours!】
【Hahahaha, watching the big boss crush noobs feels so satisfying, my scalp is tingling】
【I can’t wait to see that scene, I’m so excited!】
【My Cui Cui’s live stream always brings such extreme comfort, love it】
【...】

No one knew exactly what An Cui said to Cao Meng, but after their conversation, 60 students from the boys' department, like their counterparts in the girls' department, were plunged into an intense training regime.

A total of 120 students, plus Cao Meng himself, 121 in total, were now training from morning to night under Cao Meng's strict supervision. They were taught how to march in formation, how to march with power and presence. An Cui also designed two sets of military uniforms and shoes for them, one for men and one for women. She called Yuan Rong, asking him to find a factory to make them and to send the experts who had helped her before. She also requested a pile of materials. When Yuan Rong asked her what it was for, An Cui didn’t hide it and told him she was preparing a mech combat team for the All-English Competition.

Although Yuan Rong didn’t know what a mech was, his instincts told him it must be something very powerful. After thinking it over, he decided that since the All-English Competition would be broadcasted nationwide and other countries would see it, why not turn it into a grand global launch event? It would definitely catch a lot of attention.

...

While An Cui was busy working day and night, Yuan Qingning was also busy. She was shooting her first movie, playing the lead role for the first time, and it was directed by a master, making it a hot topic even before it started filming.

"Qingning, my dear, look what good news I’ve brought you!" Sun Li arrived on set, beaming with joy.

"What is it?"

"The All-English Competition opening ceremony!" Sun Li leaned close to Yuan Qingning's ear and whispered, "I told the director of the opening ceremony that you are General Yuan’s daughter, and he agreed to let you join the singing group."

Although the All-English Conference is not an international event, given the current global situation, people are eager to feel the sense of security brought by the country's strength. Therefore, each session of the All-English Conference is a national, even global, event that attracts widespread attention. The opening ceremony is naturally a grand affair, and only heavyweight stars can appear there. For someone like Yuan Qingning, a rising star, she originally didn't qualify to be part of it, but since she is General Yuan's adopted daughter, she certainly has the privilege of taking a shortcut.

"I got it, thank you, Brother Sun," Yuan Qingning smiled, though there was little surprise in her heart. In her past life, Xie Yingying also sang at the All-English Conference's opening ceremony, instantly rising to fame and even gaining recognition abroad. Now that she’s been reborn, she will reclaim everything that belongs to her, including shining at the opening ceremony and becoming a household name.

Since her rebirth, her life had been smooth sailing, and everything seemed perfect. The only things that still bothered her were that despite all her efforts, Yuan Rong still hadn't shown any signs of falling in love with her, and she really wanted to visit Qingyan Middle School to see An Cui's miserable situation, but had never been able to get in.

However, she had no time to care about these things now. After all, why should a cloud in the sky care about the mud on the ground?

...

In the past three months, they spent over a month training from morning till night. The 121 students finally perfected their formations, every detail now a reflex. The steps, knee heights, and arm swings were all precise, as if measured with a ruler.

However, not all 121 people were meant to participate in the competition. The number was too large, and there wasn’t enough time to prepare that many pieces of equipment. So, An Cui selected 20 male and female students who were the strongest, had the best reflexes, and learned the fastest.

Every day, these 20 students, along with Cao Meng, were taken to the mountain by An Cui. Others didn't know what they were doing, but they were secretly relieved—after all, they had already nearly died from practicing the formations, and adding anything else would have been unbearable.

For some reason, the 20 selected ones went out looking like they had lost their loved ones, but returned with faces full of suppressed excitement. When asked what they had been doing, they all tightly shut their mouths and refused to reveal anything.

It wasn't until the eve of the All-English Conference that An Cui allowed everyone to see the results of her efforts. The ones who hadn’t been chosen immediately went from relief to regret. They had also wanted to participate and stand out, and now, seeing those who had been selected, they felt envy, jealousy, and frustration.

In short, after seeing the equipment, even the students who had initially doubted their ability to participate in the All-English Conference started to gain confidence and even looked forward to it.

...

Qingyan Middle School's application for participation in the All-English Conference had been approved, and all participating schools had received their lists. Normally, any military school in the country could apply, but only those with strength dared to, because a crushing defeat would bring shame to both the school and the students. The schools that dared to apply were usually those with a strong reputation, like Zhengshi Military Academy and Huangshi Military Academy. Therefore, the list rarely changed, which made Qingyan Middle School’s inclusion especially noticeable.

"Qingyan Middle School?? Which one?"
"Qingyan Middle School? Isn’t that the prison school?"
"No way? Is this a joke? Did the committee get it wrong? Qingyan Middle School, participating in the All-English Conference? Why would they want to embarrass themselves in front of the whole nation?"
"Can I report them to get them kicked out?"
"Yuan Yao, you have a sister at Qingyan Middle School, right?"

Yuan Yao, who had his feet up on the table, one hand supporting his head and the other holding a list, replied casually when he heard the conversation.
"She wouldn’t be one of the students attending the All-English Conference, would she?"
"Are you kidding?" Yuan Yao scoffed. "Xie Yingying attending the All-English Conference? Ridiculous. In my memory, she’s always been a cowardly, unlikable girl. She clearly wanted to fit in with our family, but never made an effort. Every time we reached out, she took half a step forward and then immediately stepped back. Eventually, I lost patience with her. This sister of mine is like a non-existent person. Who cares about her? Someone like her attending the All-English Conference? That’s just a joke."


======================================================
Chapter 34: The Second-Generation Heroes (9)

The students from prestigious military academies laughed and discussed the matter for a while, then promptly put the fact that Qingyan Middle School was participating out of their minds. Their attention turned to other more formidable opponents. No one paid any mind to Qingyan Middle School.

Time flew by in the hustle and bustle, and the All-English Championship was just around the corner.

The 122 students from Qingyan Middle School, except for An Cui, were all nervous yet excited, just like the other military academy competitors. They boarded their respective buses and headed to the venue for the All-English Championship at the Lakeside Sports Arena.

The Lakeside Sports Arena is the largest sports stadium in M Country, located on the biggest island in the center of the country's largest lake. This island was the venue for this year's competition, with its tall and short mountains and dense forests, making it an ideal location for military academy students to compete.

During the All-English Championship, all participating students would stay at the nearby Junying Hotel.

There was no specific requirement for the number of students each school could send, but there were rules for the military academy students participating in the events. Including substitutes, no more than 30 students were allowed to compete in the events. The number of students sent by the military research academy to provide weapons and equipment, and the military hospital students responsible for logistics, had no clear limits, as each school’s situation was different, so logistics weren’t strictly regulated.

In general, however, each academy only needed to send 10 students, so the total number of students from each school attending the All-English Championship typically did not exceed 60. Qingyan Middle School, however, had the smallest number of staff and the smallest campus, with no divisions between colleges, yet it was sending the most students.

When the two buses arrived, the students from other military schools saw a large group of Qingyan Middle School students disembark, causing some of them to twitch their mouths in disbelief.

"Is this an attempt to make up for their lack of strength by sending more numbers?"

"Trash is just trash, even when gathered together, they’re still just a group of trash. What’s the use?" One more rebellious military student said without holding back.

"Hey, you’re from the university division, don’t hit on the younger students like that?"

"I’m from Huangshi Military Academy, and these trash students are not my juniors!"

The students from six military academies, upon seeing the students from Qingyan Middle School, either sneered at them or completely ignored them. The more malicious ones, like the one speaking earlier, openly criticized them. The Qingyan students were furious, their faces flushed red, but led by An Cui and Cao Meng, they didn’t say anything. They quietly carried their luggage and went upstairs to their respective dorms.

"I can’t wait to smash these arrogant jerks," Cao Meng gritted his teeth and said.

"Wait until the day after tomorrow, you can smash them all you want. If you don’t smash them to pieces, I’ll smash you instead," An Cui said calmly. Sensing a gaze on her, she turned to find Yuan Yao, wearing the white military uniform of Zhengshi Military Academy, looking at her with a surprised expression.

Zhengshi Military Academy was a prestigious institution, and their uniforms exuded an aristocratic charm. Yuan Yao was undoubtedly one of the central figures there, with everyone surrounding him. At this moment, he frowned slightly, looking at her with disbelief as if her appearance was utterly incomprehensible.

The opening ceremony would be held the next evening, with the competitions starting the following morning. Over the course of this evening and the following afternoon, military students from other provinces would gradually arrive.

That evening, while having dinner in the cafeteria, the students from Qingyan Middle School were once again filled with frustration. They all bottled it up, waiting for the competition to begin so they could take their anger out on these people.

An Cui’s dorm door was knocked on, and unsurprisingly, Yuan Yao stood there when it was opened.

"Did you tell your father that you’re participating in the All-English Championship?" Yuan Yao asked as soon as the door opened.

An Cui replied, "Participating in the All-English Championship is my business, why would I need to tell General Yuan?"

"General Yuan? Hah. Let me tell you, since you’ve been adopted by the Yuan family, you should at least be a bit grateful. I’m not asking for any repayment, but at least don’t bring shame to the Yuan family in front of everyone." Yuan Yao’s words were biting. "Not even calling him Dad anymore? Seems like you have some resentment. You ungrateful girl, you did something wrong and now you’re blaming others for punishing you. It’s unreasonable."

An Cui responded with the door slamming shut as she didn’t feel like wasting any more words with him.

Yuan Yao’s nose almost hit the door, and his face darkened before he shook his head, laughing bitterly. He turned and left. On his way, he encountered Cao Jiao, who also looked a little upset.

The two sons of generals, each from a comparable background, exchanged a glance and immediately understood they were both upset about the same thing: their useless younger siblings suddenly going crazy, wanting to make a fool of their families in front of the entire country and even the world, and refusing to listen to advice.

By 3 p.m. the next day, students from military academies all over the country had arrived. Due to the varying systems of the military academies, the All-English Championship didn’t separate them by high school or university but by school. In total, 41 military academies participated.

As night fell, the audience for the opening ceremony had already entered the arena. The stadium was packed, and all the major media outlets were ready, with various online platforms and TV channels preparing to broadcast the event live. Households across the country were settling in front of their televisions, eager to watch this bi-annual event.

【Ahhh, I’m so excited, soon I’ll be able to see my husbands from Zhengshi Military Academy!!!】

【I can’t wait to see my goddess!】

【I’m looking forward to my long-legged brothers from Huangshi Military Academy!!!】

【Am I the only one excited to see what weird gear these military students have made this year? Last time some schools made stuff that nearly made my head explode with laughter!】

"Hahahahahaha, why did someone bring this up? I’m dying of laughter hahahahahaha. Every year, there are always some ridiculous inventions from military academy students hahahahaha!!!"

"......"

At 7:30 PM, the opening ceremony started on time, and at 10:00 PM, it ended with a performance from Yuan Qingning and several heavyweight artists in the singing industry. The final part was the entrance of students from various military academies.

As the host announced the names and brief introductions of each military academy, a group of young, imposing individuals walked into the arena. The audience cheered loudly, and the young people waved back at the audience, their faces showing the kind of confidence and spiritedness that is charming at their age, fitting the phrase "handsome and full of vigor."

Yuan Qingning was also seated in the designated audience area, her eyes curiously scanning the entrance. She had just recently learned that Qingyan High School had signed up to participate in the English Conference, which surprised her. In her past life, Qingyan High School never participated in any of the English Conferences, and even until her death, they hadn’t participated in one. Obviously, with such a lousy school, what could they do at an English Conference?

But why was Qingyan High School participating this time? Was it the butterfly effect caused by her rebirth? However, no matter how she thought about it, her changes didn’t seem to impact Qingyan High School at all.

Although this situation was beyond her control, Yuan Qingning didn’t feel uneasy. Instead, she felt more curious because there was nothing to be uneasy about. After all, a school like Qingyan High School, which was more like a garbage collection station, couldn’t suddenly become heroic just by participating in an English Conference.

Out of the 41 schools, Qingyan High School was the last one to be called out, with Zhengshi Military Academy performing as the final act before them.

The entrance of Zhengshi Military Academy brought the loudest cheers from the audience in front of the TVs, computers, and in the arena. These young people, mostly from prestigious families, were all handsome and beautiful, wearing white military uniform-style school uniforms that radiated aristocratic charm, almost like stars. After them, the students from Qingyan High School, who came out of the entrance in a queue, were almost unnoticed.

However, when the host began to announce, "Next, we have the students from Qingyan High School, who are participating in the English Conference for the first time..."

"March in," Cao Meng said softly, and everyone heard him. In perfect unison, they lifted their feet and waved their hands, showcasing the results of three months of hard practice in front of the audience, in front of the entire nation, under the leadership of An Cui and Cao Meng at the front.

The sound of their synchronized steps echoed throughout the arena, drawing everyone's attention from the front to the back.

The sound was abrupt, completely unexpected, and no one had anticipated this. They looked on in shock, seeing an incredibly orderly formation marching forward, each row consisting of 20 young people. The first three rows were female students, and the last three rows were male students. They all wore matching blue and white military-style school uniforms, with the girls in skirts and knee-high boots, while the boys wore pants and leather shoes, all wearing white sailor hats with only minor differences in detail.

The fitted, elegant yet youthful uniforms made each individual’s figure stand out, and their synchronized steps resounded with a powerful sound. Their hands, gloved in white, moved with mechanical precision. With every step, they exuded an overwhelming presence.

At some point, the cheering crowd fell silent, and only the orchestra continued to play. Everyone stared in shock and disbelief at the formation, as the powerful steps reverberated through the stadium, almost striking their souls. Even the live-streaming platform’s bullet comments went blank for a moment.

The military students walking in front couldn’t help but turn to look, and they were stunned.

When they reached the viewing area where the president and generals were seated, Cao Meng spoke: "Right face!"

Each head immediately turned in unison.

"Salute!"

And with that, every hand shot up in perfect synchronization, with force and precision. The dignitaries being saluted all straightened their backs instinctively, their bodies trembling slightly.

At this moment, no one cared about the other military academies like Zhengshi Military Academy or Huangshi Military Academy. Everyone’s gaze was fixed on this unprecedented formation. No one could utter a sound until the formation marched powerfully across the arena, standing still in their designated positions. Finally, on the blank live-streaming platform, a comment appeared:

"What kind of divine school is this? Who are these divine students???"

Then, a flood of comments followed:

"I’m crying because of how handsome they are!!!"

"Within one minute, I need to know everything about Qingyan High School!!!"

"Oh my god, how is this possible? What did they do?!!!"

"Ahhhhhh, I can't stop watching them walk! I could watch this for a year!!!"

"......"

Not only the people in the world but also the audience in An Cui’s live-stream were emotional:

"I don’t know why I’m crying, but I’m so moved."

"Ahhhhhh, my hands are shaking. I apologize for the comment I made earlier saying they were so boring, just practicing marching. Ahhhhhh!!!"

"I’m crying. It’s just a holographic game, why am I so moved? Waaahhh..."

"I saw them train so hard for so long and were looked down upon by other schools, and now, this moment, they’ve shocked everyone. It’s a moment of harvest, and I’m moved to tears like a father [crying GIF]."

"......"

All the students from the 41 military academies stood in place in the arena. The mocking glances had turned into shock, shame, admiration, and disbelief...

When the oath-taking ceremony began, the young voices rang out in perfect unison. Perhaps stimulated by Qingyan High School, every young person gave it their all, making the voice that reverberated throughout the stadium even more electrifying.

Yuan Qingning was still stunned. She stared at An Cui, who was standing in front of that neat formation, and she was shocked... Xie Yingying... How could it be...?

Suddenly, her face turned pale, and she lowered her head to take out her phone. Because so many people were using the internet, the network was congested, and she couldn’t get in no matter how hard she tried. Her fingers trembled in frustration, but she still couldn’t get through. It wasn’t until the opening ceremony ended and the crowd began to leave the stadium that Yuan Qingning finally made it into the platform. Sure enough, netizens had already recognized An Cui, and the hot search list showed:

#Qingyan High School#

#Xie Yingying Qingyan High School#

#English Conference#

#Zhengshi Military Academy#

...

...

It wasn’t until much later that #Yuan Qingning# appeared.

=====================================================================

Chapter 35: The Second Generation of Heroes (Part 10)

Yuan Qingning suddenly gripped her phone tightly, her mind a chaotic mess of thoughts. What’s going on? Why? Why is this happening? What exactly is happening? After Xie Yingying entered Qingyan, why wasn't she tortured like the previous version of herself? Instead, she was participating in the General Assembly with other students? And what’s with these Qingyan students?

A golden light suddenly flashed through her mind, and a wave of hatred slowly emerged on her face. That’s right, it must be the Yuan family. The Yuan family must have contacted the Qingyan school administration, which is why Xie Yingying received special treatment and was not tortured at all! It’s infuriating. Thinking of this made her tremble with anger. When she was sent to Qingyan in her previous life, she didn’t receive such treatment. In this life, she’s working so hard to please everyone, but Xie Yingying has become so irritating. Why doesn’t she deserve the torment she should have received?!

Her face darkened as she was about to send a message to Sun Jian when she suddenly noticed the online reaction. Her expression softened, and a mocking smile gradually appeared.

Qingyan School had skyrocketed to fame in an extremely short time, almost like a spark falling into a pot of oil, igniting at lightning speed. Almost all the major influencers on the internet were posting videos of Qingyan’s formation. This world doesn’t hold military posture or formation to a high standard; it’s considered a trivial matter, like making beds, washing dishes, or sweeping floors—nobody ever thought to make a big deal out of it. Even in military parades, such formations had never been seen. This was the first time people in this world had witnessed such a perfectly synchronized formation, and the shock it caused needs no further elaboration.

Anyway, the perfectionists cried, the Virgos cried, and the aesthetics enthusiasts cried. Many people, seeing such a formation, felt as though they were facing the soul of the military. In the past, the General Assembly, from the opening ceremony to the closing ceremony, had been dominated by the prestigious military academy, Zhenshi Military Academy. However, this year’s edition, compared to this new team, seemed to lose its shine, and people soon forgot about Zhenshi Military Academy and Huangshi Military Academy.

It was because of this explosive fame and attention that Qingyan School’s past, including An Cui’s background, was dug up. As a result, the initial wave of praise quickly turned into other voices. Adding to this were the black fans of An Cui, Yuan Qingning’s fans, and Ling Weiqi’s fans, and soon, the negative comments overshadowed the positive ones.

[I thought it was a newly rising prestigious school, but turns out it’s a gathering place for criminals or potential criminals?]

[Please stop making wild accusations, Qingyan School has many ordinary students who haven’t committed any crimes.]

[Even if they are ordinary students, being sent to a school like this means their parents aren’t great either. Aren’t they just potential criminals?]

[Thinking that the students in that formation might have killed someone or done something crazy at a young age just gives me mixed feelings...]

[I wondered why Xie Yingying was there, now it makes sense.]

[I just worshiped them as idols, and now it’s all shattered, sob sob...]

[...]

The Ministry of Education quickly issued a clarification, stating that most of the students from Qingyan School who participated in the opening ceremony were just ordinary students, and only a few had broken the law. The most serious offenses were theft or causing harm, and they weren’t at the point where they deserved to be written off without a chance for redemption.

This was inevitable. Most young people who committed serious crimes at a young age, unless in self-defense, usually had some psychological issues. For example, Qin Li, An Cui would never allow such people to gain fame and recognition, so they naturally wouldn’t be selected.

However, this clarification didn’t have much effect. Qingyan School had already shocked the audience and set a high bar in their minds. Suddenly, realizing that these young people weren’t as perfect as they had imagined, the disparity was too great, and it was hard to accept.

Yuan Qingning didn’t need to take action.

She put her phone back into her bag, her face relaxed as she went to find Yuan Yao. As for Xie Yingying? Ha, just because she wasn’t tortured at Qingyan doesn’t mean she won’t be tortured elsewhere, like humiliating herself at the General Assembly. By then, the Yuan family would surely be dragged down and lose face. They deserve it. Who told them not to give up on Xie Yingying? They deserve it!

...

After the opening ceremony, under the weight of those complicated gazes, the young people from Qingyan exchanged looks with each other. They saw the excitement in each other’s eyes, their hands trembling, their hearts swelling like balloons.

They had originally had no interest in the military or anything related. They thought they would either go to college or serve in the military before returning to society, perhaps living a life without any ambition or goal. Who knew? Anyway, they had no dreams or targets.

But now, at this moment, they suddenly had dreams, they had goals. Just like this, becoming a useful person in society, becoming a hero, those admiring glances, shocked eyes, and deafening applause were all too wonderful! All the sweat and hard work from the past three months were worth it!

“Ahhhhh, I want to compete even more now!!!”

“Me too! Damn, so jealous! Yingjie, let me go on stage too!!”

“Yeah, yeah! Meng Ge, hurry and talk to Yingjie for us!!”

“Yingjie, Yingjie!!”

“Dad, Dad!”

“...”

The young boys and girls were laughing, their hands still trembling, their scalps tingling. Their smiles were as bright as a sunny day, and their eyes shone with unprecedented brilliance.

At this moment, if they knew what was being said online, it would be a huge blow.

Fortunately, they didn’t have their phones with them. An Cui had already anticipated the online storm and had ordered them not to allow their robot butlers to connect to the internet or contact the outside world during the competition. Before today, some might have secretly connected their robots to the internet, but after tonight, deep inside, something had changed within them. The fresh news from online games, TV shows, and social media platforms no longer held any appeal.

As they passed through the lobby on the first floor, they noticed many military academy students were not going upstairs to rest. Even some students from Zhenshi Military Academy were gathered in the lobby. The reason? Yuan Qingning had arrived.


Yuan Qingning was surrounded by people, smiling gently and graciously as she signed autographs, her demeanor kind and angelic, encouraging everyone with soft words. Her sweet and thoughtful appearance made the rough men in the military school, who hadn't seen "the opposite sex" for a long time, extremely excited.

A large group from Qingyan School entered, but no one tried to ask for an autograph. An Cui had previously stated that her relationship with Yuan Qingning was not good, so naturally, they stood by An Cui's side and wouldn’t go ask Yuan Qingning for one.

"A student from an inferior school, just relying on such attention-seeking methods to get noticed," someone suddenly spoke as they walked past, silencing the entire lobby. "It’s a pity there isn’t a category in the competition for marching in formation, or Qingyan School would surely take the top spot."

An Cui, leading her group, turned her head and realized that it was Huang Qin, a student from Huangshi Military Academy, who had been rude from the start, calling them trash.

Huang Qin's voice made the lobby fall silent, and all eyes turned to An Cui and her group, including Yuan Yao and Cao Jiao from Zhengshi Military Academy. However, standing in the crowd, they crossed their arms, with no intention of speaking up for their younger sister or brother.

Yuan Yao's gaze towards An Cui was somewhat complicated, while Cao Jiao's was much clearer. He furrowed his brow, looked at Cao Meng, and disapproved, hoping he would back down and not embarrass the family.

Cao Meng clenched his fists.

"Don’t worry, Qingyan will still take the top spot, even without marching in formation," An Cui said flatly, but her tone carried an intense sense of contempt.

"You..." Someone was about to retort, but An Cui wasn’t going to waste time with people destined to be stepping stones. She led her group away, not giving them a chance to speak. As for Yuan Qingning’s calls, An Cui ignored them completely; she couldn’t be bothered to waste words on her.

"Tch, so arrogant. I’ll just have to see where they get their confidence from. They won’t cry until they see the coffin!" Huang Qin spat angrily.

Huang Qin wasn’t the only one who thought this way. Many schools felt the same. If they had lost to a prestigious school like Zhengshi Military Academy, it would have been understandable, but to be overshadowed by a school like Qingyan was something they just couldn’t accept.

"So boring," Yuan Yao glanced at Huang Qin lazily and said, then turned to head back to the dormitory. The others from Zhengshi Military Academy followed suit.

"Don’t you feel angry?!" Huang Qin shouted. After all, both Zhengshi Military Academy and Huangshi Military Academy were prestigious, and not every year did the winner of the Full English competition come from Zhengshi. Yet, they always acted as if they were superior, which really frustrated him.

"Angry?" Cao Jiao said indifferently, "Only weaklings like you would care about such small matters. We prefer to let our strength speak for itself."

They didn’t take Qingyan School seriously, so why would they be angry? So what if the spotlight was stolen tonight? A crow with colorful feathers would always be a crow, and tomorrow, their true nature would be revealed.

Yuan Qingning clasped her hands together apologetically and bid farewell, following Yuan Yao.

"Fine, let's see who comes out on top!" Huang Qin spat angrily and led the students from Huangshi Military Academy out of the lobby.

That night, all the young people were fired up, their throats filled with frustration, just waiting for the next day to show their strength, reclaim the spotlight, and make those they disliked regret it.

The same was true for everyone at Qingyan School.

The next day.

The weather was perfect, clear skies as far as the eye could see.

Soon, at 9 AM, the first competition began.

====================================================

Chapter 36: The Second-Generation Heroes (11)

The military academy competition differs from regular athlete competitions; it aims to showcase the participants' strength, reliability, agility, intelligence, and bravery in critical moments. Therefore, both the individual arena and team battles are essential.

As per tradition, the opening match is the team competition. These team battles take place outdoors, making it inconvenient for spectators to watch on-site. Therefore, all spectators can only watch the live broadcast on television and streaming platforms. By this time, snacks like cola, melon seeds, and potato chips are all ready.

The team competition tests the wisdom of the team commanders, group combat capabilities, and the performance of weapons and equipment in a multi-player battle. Normally, with 40 participating schools each year, the teams are divided into groups of ten, with each group's competition lasting half a day, making the event finish in two days. However, this year, due to the addition of Qingyan High School, an extra school needs to be accounted for.

After discussion, the committee decided to maintain the previous structure, with ten schools per group for the elimination rounds. The extra Qingyan High School was given the choice of selecting which group they wanted to join.

Thus, the other 40 schools began the group draw, and the first group to compete turned out to be one where several top-tier schools were grouped together. This included both Zhengshi Military Academy and Huangshi Military Academy, which made the crowd excited for the head-to-head clash of giants right at the start.

The other groups, upon seeing the toughest two teams in one group, couldn’t help but breathe a sigh of relief, as it increased their chances of making it to the finals.

After the draw, the judge asked Qingyan High School which group they wanted to join.

【If they’re smart, they should join Group 3, which has the lowest average score. Though any group Qingyan High joins would be difficult, at least Group 3 won't be too harsh.】

【Group 3 has the lowest average score, but the Haizhang Military Academy's military science department has always been outstanding. Two weapons invented by students this year were even added to the arsenal, so who knows what amazing weapons they might showcase to help them win?】

【Actually, Group 4 might be better. Although it has a higher average score than Group 3, that's because Ye Zangjian from Kailan's influence raised the average.】

【...】

Viewers expressed their thoughts, but An Cui made her decision without much hesitation. As the team commander, everyone else followed her lead.

The viewers were shocked.

An Cui chose the first group, the one that competed first.

【Well, well, even though I was disillusioned after learning about Qingyan High School, the impressive display of their marching still lingers in my mind. Now, seeing them being crushed like a dog, I’m a little hesitant to watch.】

【I don’t want to watch, add me to the list!】

【What’s there to not watch? Do they not know what the All-English Competition is? A bunch of rookies trying to pick a fight with the eagles. Whatever happens, it’s their own fault.】

【I thought maybe Qingyan High School had some surprises, maybe they would cause an upset, but after seeing that their commander is Xie Yingying, I instantly realized I was thinking too much. [eye roll][eye roll][eye roll]】

【Such a great showdown of gods, yet they let in a bunch of unknowns. Poor proud kids… 5555…】

【…】

Reading these merciless mocking comments, Yuan Qingning smiled. She enjoyed watching these, especially seeing Xie Yingying get criticized. The more misfortune Xie Yingying faced, the happier she became.

The first round was a simple tower-pushing competition. The eleven competing teams each had their own stronghold on the island. Their task was to protect their own towers while pushing down the enemy's towers. The enemies weren’t just one team—there was uncertainty about how many would come and from where. Each team had to decide who to attack, how to attack, how many to leave behind to guard, and how to set traps. Alliances with other teams might even be temporary.

In this chaotic battle, the team that could protect its own tower while pushing down the most towers from the enemies would win. Each team could choose how many participants they had, but no more than 25.

Each team in the first group received a map showing their location.

After confirming everything, they proceeded to gather their weapons and move to their respective strongholds.

The commentator said, “Zhengshi Military Academy’s military science department has always adhered to the philosophy of ‘dare to dream, dare to do, and never fear failure,’ encouraging students to bring their wildest ideas to life, no matter how impossible they seem. This has nurtured many outstanding scientists and weapons designers who have made great contributions to our national defense. This year’s equipment was designed by Tao Qian, the third-year lead designer from the Military Science Department. It seems that their enthusiasm for electromagnetic guns hasn’t diminished, as this year’s equipment still includes them…”

“Huangshi Military Academy’s Military Science Department has a completely opposite philosophy. They believe in careful planning before action, a thoroughly rational approach. Yet, they too have nurtured outstanding scientists and weapons designers who have contributed greatly to national defense. This year’s equipment was designed by their fourth-year lead…”

“Red Flag Military Academy…”

“…”

The introductions for the first ten schools went smoothly until it was Qingyan High School's turn. The commentator paused for a moment, then continued casually: “Qingyan High School, compared to the previous military academies, is quite young, having only been established for about ten years. There are still many areas that need improvement, but they are seeking progress. This is their first time participating in the All-English Competition. The team commander is Xie Yingying, the weapon designer and maker is also Xie Yingying, the overall commander is… Xie Yingying, and the deputy commander is Cao Meng. The weapons for the team competition are… um… mechas?”

What are mechas?? This was the first time people had heard of this term.

Soon, those who were confused saw two large double-decker transport vehicles drive into the shot. On those vehicles were several items that seemed like regular cars and off-road vehicles… A total of ten vehicles, because Qingyan High School had only sent 11 participants, fewer than half the number from other schools.

“…”

“…”

【So many issues, I’m speechless.】

【I was wondering why Xie Yingying was both the commander and the designer. Now it makes sense—bunch of idiots messing around!】

"As expected, Qingyan High School is just here to make us laugh. Using cars as weapons? They must really think they don’t look enough like targets!"

"Xie Yingying has such a big face, claiming that these cars were designed by her? These are clearly the XXX classic models and HHH business models…"

"……"

Not only were the netizens mocking them, but everyone on site was also secretly criticizing. But since the judges had recognized these as their weapons, they couldn’t be bothered to say more. After all the chaos, everyone went back to their own bases.

On the side of Zhengshi Military Academy, when the cars from Qingyan High School passed by them, everyone had a plain expression on their face.

At this moment, multiple cameras were already aimed at the ten teams, with aerial shots from drones and cameras spread across the competition area, allowing the audience to watch from every angle.

As a result, the conversation from Zhengshi Military Academy could be heard clearly by everyone.

“It’s a shame it’s a multi-team brawl. If our only opponents were Qingyan High School, we could finish this early. I didn’t eat enough this morning, I’m hungry. We could probably take them down in 15 minutes, then go eat.”

“Hahaha, then our new equipment wouldn’t even get used!”

“15 minutes is too long. I heard Qingyan High School doesn’t even have shooting classes, they probably don’t even know how to use a gun. 9 minutes will be spent on the road, and 1 minute on eliminating them. So 10 minutes is more than enough.”

This conversation was ridiculously arrogant, but no one felt it was wrong. The barrage was filled with comments like “Ahhh, hubby you’re so handsome,” “Wifey you’re so awesome,” “10 minutes is too much, you guys will finish them in 5 minutes!”

Even Huangshi Military Academy couldn’t help but share their opinion on Qingyan High School:

“A bunch of idiots, we’re definitely going to blow their annoying cars to pieces!”

The barrage responded with “Hubby, you’re right, blow them up!” and “That group is so weird, hurry up and kick them out of the competition!”

An Cui and Cao Meng were in the same car, talking with other teammates on the car intercom, “Helmet on, increase neural connection strength by 10%, begin warming up. Don’t get too cocky, if you fall it’ll be embarrassing, and don’t crush anyone…”

Most of the netizens’ attention was on other schools, while the big shots sitting in the audience at Lake Center Gymnasium were all focused on the cars from Qingyan High School on the screen. They didn’t know what An Cui had created because ever since she announced her participation in the British competition, they were forbidden from spying on her work. The experts sent by Yuan Rong to assist her were so in awe of her that they kept tight-lipped. However, since An Cui had already technically invested in the government-backed Guorong Technology, no matter what she developed, it was for the benefit of the country. Therefore, they didn’t mind letting her keep it a secret for now.

“Temporary restraint will make the fruit sweeter, don’t you think so, General Cao, General Yuan?” smiled General Qian Wei, the most mischievous of the three generals from Country M. “It’s just that the sons of both generals are in the same group. They may become stepping stones for each other, but I believe neither of you generals would mind.”

Before Yuan Zhan could reply, the hot-tempered General Cao Ba snorted, “Stepping stones? Drawing conclusions so early is too hasty. General Qian, who is the stone and who is the sword is not decided yet.”

“Ah, speaking of which, no matter what the result is, General Cao will be the final winner, since both of your sons are on the field.” Qian Wei continued with a smile, “And General Yuan, too, with both your son and daughter in the competition, no matter who wins or loses, your face will be covered in glory.” His words made both generals' expressions turn sour.

Cao Ba was upset at the thought of his eldest son losing to his younger son, while Yuan Zhan felt ashamed. He realized that An Cui’s excellence had nothing to do with him, as he had never noticed her talents in this area. He kept asking himself why he hadn’t discovered it earlier. Children always inherit things from their parents. Her mother was an excellent mechanical expert. Why hadn’t he considered buying her some related toys? It was too embarrassing.

Cao Ba finally let out a sigh, staring intensely at the big screen, thinking, it’s still uncertain who will win. Just because you make good equipment doesn’t mean you can decide the outcome of a battle. The warrior’s mind and combat ability are what really matter. Even the best equipment in the hands of a useless person is still useless.

At this point, all eleven teams had reached their respective bases, and the gunshot signaling the start of the competition rang out. Except for Qingyan High School, all other teams immediately began their preparations. Usually, teams would wait at least half an hour before leaving their bases to attack. That’s the way experienced teams operate—they don’t rush into action.

However, Qingyan High School acted like amateurs. After the gunshot, except for An Cui, who got out of the car and sat in front of her own tower, the other ten cars charged straight toward the enemy bases.

“??? What are they trying to do? Are they using their cars to knock over the enemy’s tower? Just leave Xie Yingying behind to guard the base?”

“Reporting, they’re handing their heads to the enemy!”

“Forget it, this group of weirdos. Let them finish the game and go home.”

“????? What’s Xie Yingying doing? She’s making tea!!! Doesn’t she have any weapons in her bag? Did she pack all her tea set instead???”

“Are they here for comedy???”

……

The netizens were speechless and felt that Qingyan High School was truly bizarre. They made an entrance that shocked the whole crowd, but halfway through, their images as heroes shattered, and they ended up losing miserably. Was this just to grab attention? They had to admit, they succeeded. Now, when people talk about this year’s competition, they’ll definitely remember this group of lunatics from Qingyan High School.

The commentator said, "The team from Qingyan High School set the record for the fastest strike in the history of the All-English competition. They must have come up with some unusual and brilliant tactic to defeat the enemy. The speed of their vehicles is quite impressive, possibly due to the all-around bulletproof materials used, which explains their aggressive and fearless appearance. However, the electromagnetic guns from Zhengshi Military Academy and the targeting cannon from Huangshi Military Academy should not be underestimated..."

At this moment, the sentries from other teams, holding binoculars, saw the vehicles from Qingyan High School casually driving up the mountain road towards them.

Cao Jiao saw Cao Meng driving the off-road vehicle towards their position, sighed, and said淡淡地：“Give me the electromagnetic gun, I'll deal with him myself.” It's better to die by my own hands than by someone else's, at least it wouldn't be so embarrassing.

Cao Jiao took the electromagnetic gun and stood in front of their base, waiting for the enemy. Behind him was Yuan Yao, who was making arrangements, and behind him was a symbolic glass tower with some documents inside, representing the national secrets they vowed to protect.

On the side of Huangshi Military Academy, Huang Qin exhaled, took the targeting cannon from his teammate, and prepared to blow the red truck charging towards them into the sky.

The other eight military academies did the same. Qingyan High School was just an appetizer for them, a demonstration for the audience of how impressive their weapons were.

As the off-road vehicle turned off the small road and faced them, Cao Jiao aimed the electromagnetic gun at Cao Meng and fired a shot.

Huang Qin grinned and fired a shot from the targeting cannon.

Everyone thought that Qingyan High School was finished.

However, just then, Cao Meng suddenly swerved the steering wheel, avoiding the shot and speeding off the small road. There was a slope nearby, and the off-road vehicle slammed into the slope. But soon, the off-road vehicle's power seemed to defy nature as it shot back up from the slope. The vehicle's speed was so great that the tires even left the ground, soaring into the air.

Cao Jiao stood in place, his expression calm, watching the vehicle soar over his head. The electromagnetic gun fired again and again, but he never heard the sound of victory. He was surprised at how tough their equipment was.

Huang Qin wanted to blow the red truck into the sky, so he aimed at the ground. The vehicle indeed exploded and flew up into the air, but this left Huang Qin bewildered.

Because this was a sports event, not an actual battle, students wouldn’t be carrying dangerous weapons to fight. The explosion in the live stream wasn’t literal; it was a simulated image based on weapon data. This meant that, in reality, Huang Qin's targeting cannon wouldn’t make the truck fly, but in the simulation, it appeared as if the red truck was blown into the sky. Similarly, if Cao Jiao's electromagnetic gun had breached Cao Meng's defense, an announcement would have been made.

But now, something strange happened. The so-called simulated projectile didn’t really fire. The red truck went flying into the air?!

Not only Huang Qin but also the audience was stunned. The event committee immediately sent doctors and nurses to rush over, prepared to treat the students from Qingyan High School.

At that moment, the red truck, which had flown into the air, landed but didn’t break apart. Instead, it performed a backflip on the ground.

In that instant, the vehicle underwent a miraculous transformation. A mechanical, crisp, and cool sound filled the air as it quickly flipped onto its front. The red truck was no longer a truck; it had become enormous, kneeling on one leg with both hands supporting the ground, casting a shadow that engulfed Huang Qin below.

Huang Qin looked up in a daze, watching as his targeting cannon fell to the ground with a thud.

At the same time, on the side of Zhengshi Military Academy, the off-road vehicle, after being hit by electromagnetic gunfire, finally landed. But as soon as it hit the ground, it bounced back up. A mechanical, crisp, and cool sound echoed through the air, and in just a few seconds, the off-road vehicle turned into a giant robot. The robot stood firm, raised its hand, and smashed Zhengshi Military Academy's tower with one powerful punch.

“Bang!” was the sound of Huangshi Military Academy's tower being destroyed.

“Bang!” was the sound of Kaiyue Military Academy's tower being destroyed.

“Bang!” was the sound of National Defense Military Academy's tower being destroyed.

“…”

“…”

“Bang!” was the sound of an ice-cold soda dropping onto the keyboard.

The lively live stream screen went completely blank, with not a single comment.

The commentator opened his mouth, speechless, having lost his professional composure.

The first team event of the All-English competition, the first match of the group stage, started and ended in 10 minutes.

An Cui slowly took a sip of green tea.


===============================================================================================================


 Chapter 37: Heroic Second Generation (12):

Not only the audience watching the live broadcast, but even the big shots sitting in the sports stadium stood up in shock, staring at the big screen. Their screens were big enough that even with 11 divided frames, each frame was clearly visible. They clearly saw that each of the 11 frames showed a cool robot, each at least three meters tall, with a steel frame, looking extremely impressive, yet agile and lively, almost like they had life. In comparison, humans looked so small and fragile.

The students from other schools who were sitting in the stadium watching the live broadcast also saw this. The students from Qingyan High School were there as well. Although they were mentally prepared, seeing it in person still left them in shock. Seeing their reactions made them feel proud and smug, thinking, "You looked down on us? Now, try looking down on us again!" Haha! They also wanted to control such a cool mech!

The boys who saw the car turn into a robot were the most impacted. All of them were stunned, lost in disbelief, thinking they must be dreaming. How could such a thing happen? This wasn't a sci-fi movie, after all.

In the wide-eyed gazes, the robots began to transform again. The sound effects they made were extremely cool and captivating. The robots, which were huge before, shrank back into cars. The people inside the cars slid down the windows and waved at them smugly as they drove back to their base.

Yuan Yao was still sitting on the ground, surrounded by shattered glass. His cheek hurt, probably from being cut by the glass tower when it was shattered. He was a little stunned, reaching out to touch his cheek and seeing the blood. Slowly, he started to regain his senses and took a deep breath, holding his chest.

Huang Qin, on the other hand, had weakened legs and was sitting on the ground, constantly swallowing dryly.

Meanwhile, the live broadcast screen, which had been blank for a while, finally showed the barrage of comments again, this time in a flood that completely covered the screen.

"Mom, Mom, Mom, Mom, Mom!!!"
"What was that just now? What was that? Ahhh!"
"Oh my god, I almost lost my eyes from shock! My keyboard!!!"
"Wasn’t that a car? Wasn’t that the XX car model? Can I buy that car and have it transform too???"
"Qingyan High School is cheating! Ahhh!"
"That’s special effects from a movie, it has to be!"
"……"

The internet exploded with screams, the unexpected twist was too intense to even process. Everyone was so shaken they had to block the comments to see the live broadcast again.

The commentator, finally regaining his composure, still looked very excited. He was shaking as he read his script: “This is truly astonishing! I believe all the viewers are as shocked as I am. Some things, what seemed like ordinary cars, were actually mechas! Mechas! This is the weaponry of Qingyan High School! Mechas… The name really fits that steel frame image, mechas... So cool, so cool…”

Yuan Qingning's face was extremely pale. Her mind was buzzing, and she couldn't help but rub her eyes, questioning whether she was seeing things. But no, it wasn't an illusion. It was real!

The announcement that the match was over had already sounded. The final winner was Qingyan High School, and the ten teams that had been defeated without any chance of a comeback were now returning to the island in a daze. Upon seeing An Cui and the seemingly ordinary cars, someone couldn’t help but protest:

"I protest! I can't accept this result! This wasn’t a real match! They broke the rules!"

An Cui crossed her arms and asked, “What rule did we break?”

"This isn’t even a weapon!"

"How is it not a weapon? I made this myself, controlled by humans. How is it not a weapon?"

The person instinctively tried to argue back. In fact, it wasn’t just him. Many felt something was wrong and wanted to say something but couldn’t pinpoint what it was. Even though the so-called mechas were huge enough to crush them with a single step, and even though these mechas had such thick armor that their weapons couldn’t even break through, it still didn’t change the fact that, as An Cui said, it was still a weapon. But this type of weapon, this level of weapon...

In the end, the person stammered weakly, “The competition wasn’t supposed to be like this. Team matches are supposed to test wisdom, combat ability, and strategy. What you’re doing... this isn’t that…”

"Is that so? Well, I think that in the face of absolute power, no amount of wisdom or strategy matters."

The camera captured this perfectly and showed it to the viewers. The director even gave An Cui a close-up, showing the slightly mocking curve of her lips and the arrogance and disdain in her deep, clear eyes. Her words echoed through, and in the past, if Xie Yingying had done this, it would have been met with intense criticism. But now, everyone only wanted to scream in excitement.

"[In the face of absolute strength, wisdom and strategy are meaningless], so damn cool!!"
"Xie Yingying: Our gear is too strong, and you're too weak, what do you want from me?"
"Is that really Xie Yingying? Is that really her? Did she go for a makeover, or did she literally change her brain?!"
"I'm on my knees, my knees are crushed!!"
"I just want to know what those giant robots are all about! Ahhh, I’m so curious!"
"I just want to see the transformation one more time… please let me see it again!"

Yuan Rong, who was watching the live broadcast, put down his coffee cup, which had spilled a little, and was wiping the desk with a tissue. He paused for a moment when he saw her face on the screen and heard her words.

After a while, his ears turned slightly red as he snapped back to reality. He remembered there was business to attend to.

The video from today’s match would definitely be uploaded abroad and go viral. The United States, having mastered such advanced technology, would immediately attract global attention, especially from their biggest competitor, Country N. They must be furious, as they had always prided themselves on controlling robot technology. Suddenly, they found that the United States didn’t even need their core technology and had surpassed them by a huge margin. It would drive them crazy. Just thinking about it was satisfying.

She certainly did not disappoint.

Many people wanted to see that magical transformation scene again. Even the head director was itching to get a close-up of the transformation, but An Cui was utterly unsympathetic. She had no intention of showing off their mechs again. She simply got into the car and left, taking with her a whole bunch of anxious hearts.

The first group’s match ended just like that, and the second group’s match would soon begin. However, many people still couldn’t focus, their minds lingering on An Cui and her group. If it were just a two- or three-hour break, it might have been easier to regain focus, but with such an exhilarating and shocking opening, the upcoming matches seemed to pale in comparison. Even if they waited until tomorrow or the day after, it would be hard to bring their attention back, so they had no choice but to start the next round.

The members of the first group returned to the stadium to watch the upcoming matches. As soon as An Cui entered, she was immediately escorted to the VIP seats, where a group of older men looked at her with warm, affectionate eyes, their faces crinkling in smiles like blooming chrysanthemums.

Only General Yuan, who was her guardian, felt awkward. Despite being her foster father, he didn’t know how to speak to her or what to say, as everything felt uncomfortable.

…

As expected, after the second match began, the barrage of comments on the live-streamed network platforms drastically decreased. Viewers were too busy to watch and couldn't help but pick up their phones to share their feelings on social media.

#Xie Yingying# (Xie Yingying)

This hashtag surged to the top of the trending list, followed closely by #清岩中学# (Qingyan High School).

Even international social platforms started buzzing with it, and the momentum was fierce.

Many foreign viewers, who had bypassed firewalls to watch M Country's live stream, had already begun discussing Qingyan High School's formation from the previous night. But this time, it exploded.

【OMG!!! Is this really not special effects from a movie?】

【Has M Country's technology really advanced this much?!!!】

【I just want to know if they're selling these mechs!! I’d be willing to pay 100 million N coins for one!】

【Is that little girl the designer? My God, she looks so young!】

【Her name is Xie Yingying. Her name sounds as delicate as she looks, but she made something so cool, so amazing!!】

Even a famous director shared these ten transformation GIFs, and you could tell from the screen how excited he was. 【OMG, these images have inspired me so much. I feel like I should start shooting a new movie immediately, but first, I need to write the script, get investors, and find actors! F**k! ... Anyway, I must go to M Country and find this lovely little sweetheart to buy the copyright!】

As soon as the famous director posted, his fans went wild. Even well-known actors and celebrities started retweeting it. If this movie really started production, they wanted to make sure they could land a role.

This series of reactions made An Cui and her mechs an overnight global sensation. At the same time, the attention on M Country’s All-English Club skyrocketed. After seeing a few short clips, many people wanted to watch the full match, and after viewing the entire video, they couldn’t wait to see Qingyan High School’s performance in the upcoming rounds.

Even 524 was affected. An Cui not only exploded in popularity within this alternate world but also became a sensation on their civilization's largest social platform. The reason for this was, of course, the mechs she had created.

=======================================================================

Chapter 38: Second-Generation Heroes (13)

The mechs that An Cui made were, of course, nothing compared to the mechs from their civilization. After all, the difference in scientific level and development was as vast as an entire cosmic civilization. However, the mechs An Cui created had one creative feature that had never appeared in their civilization's mechs—transformation.

Their mechs were large and spectacular, capable of flying and moving through the earth during battle. They used mental powers to operate them, and with space folding technology, they could be carried anywhere without taking up space. Because of this, their mechs didn’t seem to need transformation. Things that were unnecessary were hard for people to even conceive, so despite many generations of mech upgrades, no master had ever created a transformable mech like An Cui’s.

As a result, some of the viewers who were knowledgeable about mechs started posting gifs of An Cui’s transforming mechs on social media, tagging various mech masters. This caught the attention of quite a few of them, and some even shared it. There were also many wealthy individuals expressing interest in commissioning such a transformable vehicle. Simply imagining it, if a car could transform, there would be no more problems with tires getting stuck in pits!

The most exciting part for 524 was that if they wanted to make such a vehicle, they would need to pay An Cui a hefty licensing fee—a sky-high one!

To reach this level of live-streaming success was simply unheard of.

As a result, An Cui's live stream room was flooded with people eager to worship and watch the big shot, causing their live-stream platform’s server to almost crash. They had to quickly find external support to avoid shutting down the stream and suffering huge losses.

...

The situation was quite different domestically. People overseas didn’t know who Xie Yingying was, nor did they realize she had once been a minor celebrity in the entertainment industry. But domestically, things were different, and as a result, there was much controversy in public opinion.

"What’s going on with Xie Yingying?"

"I suspect Xie Yingying was swapped by aliens, she can’t possibly be this amazing!!"

"As a fan of Xie Yingying, I can’t help but become a fan again, woo woo woo..."

"I don’t believe she really designed it. A year and a half ago, she was still a singer, and now she reappears as such a cool weapons designer after disappearing for half a year? This can’t even be made into a drama!"

"This is the All-English Society, it can’t be fake, but Xie Yingying turned from a hated celebrity in the entertainment world to a weapons designer. It feels as magical as those cars transforming into robots..."

"@Sun Jian @Huayu Entertainment Company, tell us what’s going on with Xie Yingying!"

"@Sun Jian @Huayu Entertainment Company"

"..."

Netizens quickly tagged Xie Yingying's agency and manager, unaware that Sun Jian and Huayu Entertainment Company were just as confused.

They couldn’t have imagined that the artist they had shelved half a year ago would suddenly become famous in this way! What was going on? What were they supposed to do?

The higher-ups immediately convened a meeting.

"Xie Yingying still has two and a half years left on her contract."

"Get her some jobs, tell her to come back to work, and have her bring the company’s new talent on the shows. Given the situation, it’s likely she won’t renew the contract, so we should extract as much value as we can from her in these two years!"

"Idiot, with Xie Yingying's abilities, don’t you think the breach of contract penalty is something she can't afford? Stop talking about exploitation!"

"Wasn’t Yuan Qingning close to her? Let her handle it, at least in these two years, she can still bring some money to the company."

"..."

Yuan Qingning immediately received a call from Sun Jian and learned of their intentions. Enraged, Yuan Qingning smashed her phone. Her body trembled with anger, and she felt both furious and unsettled. How did things turn out like this? Where did Xie Yingying get this ability? She had always been a singer in the entertainment industry, what did this have to do with technology? Why, why did everything go off-track like this?!

Suddenly, she remembered Yuan Rong! Yes! Yuan Rong! Before Xie Yingying went to Qingyan High School, hadn’t Yuan Rong taken her to his company for half a month? Yuan Rong’s company was involved in this field—could he have helped her cheat?

She quickly picked up her phone, but it was already broken. Luckily, she had more than one phone. Just as she inserted the SIM card, a call came in—it was Ling Wei Qi.

She suddenly remembered that she still had such an ally.

"Qingning, have you seen those news about Xie Yingying?" Ling Wei Qi’s tone was anxious, revealing even more urgency than Yuan Qingning felt. Of course, Ling Wei Qi was nervous—she had a falling out with Xie Yingying. If Xie Yingying made a comeback, it would be bad news for her.

Seeing that someone was more anxious than herself, Yuan Qingning calmed down a little. She replied, "Yes, I saw it. The company just called me, asking me to bring her back to take jobs on shows."

"How could this happen?" Ling Wei Qi said urgently, "How could she have this kind of ability? If she had this ability, why did she bother being in the entertainment industry before?"

"Sigh..." Yuan Qingning sighed and said, "Don’t ask, the favored child is naturally different from us. Qi Qi, don’t worry too much. I’ll keep her in check. She won’t do anything to you."

Ling Wei Qi was even more anxious now. "What do you mean?"

"I’m telling you this so you can relax. Don’t you know? I’m the adopted daughter of General Yuan’s family. Our brother Yuan Rong is the boss of Guo Rong Technology. Before Xie Yingying went to Qingyan High School, she was taken by him to the company for a while. I think it was during that time..." Yuan Qingning paused, sounding extremely disappointed. She continued, "I’m telling you this to put your mind at ease. Don’t go against her anymore. Sigh, I really envy her. No matter what, her family never gave up on her..." She sounded defeated, then quickly added, "This can’t be told to anyone else. I’m afraid it might cause trouble for the family. You know, the higher you go, the harder it is..."

After hanging up, Ling Wei Qi couldn’t sit still. She had been a child star and had been adored by fans, so she wasn’t exactly calm. If Xie Yingying came back, she would surely take revenge on her. She couldn’t just wait for her downfall. Why should Xie Yingying, who had used such a despicable method to rise to the top, get all the attention? Ling Wei Qi had worked so hard, carefully maintaining her image and her career, doing everything to get where she was. Why should Xie Yingying, with her cheating ways, become a global sensation?

She remembered Yuan Qingning’s words, and her eyes sharpened. Wasn’t she just the adopted daughter of General Yuan’s family? There wasn’t just one general in the country. The three generals weren’t exactly best friends. Each of them had their own supporters, and they were all in a delicate balance. If the Yuan family was exposed for such deceit, their position would be in jeopardy!

Soon, all the major accounts on social media started bringing up Xie Yingying’s black history—her unlikable behavior on variety shows, the things she said that upset people, videos of her fighting with Ling Wei Qi backstage at an awards ceremony, and videos of her bullying others at school... Even the online army was mobilized to stir up trouble.

At this moment, An Cui was the center of attention, and as these issues were brought up, netizens became even more conflicted. They felt that An Cui’s sudden transformation from the entertainment industry to the scientific research world was too dramatic, and many began to speculate with conspiracy theories.

At this point, someone revealed that An Cui was the adopted daughter of General Yuan’s family and had been taken to Yuan Rong’s company before attending Qingyan High School, implying that An Cui had cheated. The conspiracy theorists seemed to have found evidence, and they began to loudly spread their claims:

"I knew it! This is what happened! Trying to clear her name like this is too much! Isn’t she afraid of getting exposed!"

[Is the whole family of the Yuan family helping Xie Yingying cheat? Is that what this means?]

[If it's not cheating, how can we explain how Xie Yingying suddenly went from being a singer to a scientist in just six months? This is ridiculous! She’s barely 17!]

[Using this kind of cheating method to crush the military academy students who truly worked hard for their training is too despicable!]

[……]

The internet was in chaos, and the topic #XieYingYingCheating# had overtaken the original #XieYingYing# on the trending list. Netizens were constantly tagging high-level officials in Country M, almost all officials with accounts on social media had been tagged at least once.

……

Night had fallen, and the day’s competition was over. All the participating teams had returned to their dorms.

“The internet is buzzing,” someone in the Zhengshi Military Academy’s dorm said while holding a phone. Then they suddenly sat up. “I say, Yuan Yao, is your sister really not cheating?”

“What? Are you as stupid as these netizens, using priceless resources to help a little girl cheat?” Yuan Yao, who was also browsing the internet, said with a gloomy face.

“So, you mean it really was Xie Yingying who did it? No, this is too impressive, but why do you look like you never knew she had this ability? Isn’t she your sister?”

For some reason, those words hit a nerve with Yuan Yao. He turned over and lay on his side, thinking about the shocking mecha he had seen in the morning, recalling the words he had said to An Cui, thinking about his classmate’s words just now—she’s family, why does it seem like they don’t know anything about her? It was as if they didn’t treat her like family at all…

But since childhood, hasn’t she had everything they had? Didn’t their parents treat every child fairly? What had she lost? He had tried to accept her, but it was she who had been dragging her feet, and when he grew impatient, he stopped making the effort. He couldn’t help but feel that it wasn’t his fault, could a biological child really need to make an effort to get a foster daughter to integrate into the family? Yuan Qingning was also a foster daughter. At first, he hadn’t been proactive with her either. It was she who had worked hard to fit in, and Yuan Qingning had done well, so why couldn’t she do the same? This was her fault.

……

So, they could each take a step back, and both sides were at fault, canceling each other out.

Thinking like this, he still felt a strange discomfort, which kept him tossing and turning, unable to sleep.

An Cui only allowed officials to do as they pleased, but she herself was happily online, naturally seeing all the criticisms online. She couldn’t help but sigh that no matter which world it was, real or virtual, netizens always seemed to be so ignorant. They took other people's words as the truth and never thought for themselves. They didn’t even consider that the technology that could be considered a national treasure in this era—if it hadn’t been researched by her, who would have dared to let her play with it? Such a huge lie—how could it be covered up afterward?

She was too lazy to deal with it.

However, while she ignored it, someone else stepped in to deal with it.

While netizens were rioting, practically drowning the Yuan family with their spit and turning An Cui into a pile of dung, someone was the first to speak up. To everyone’s shock, it wasn’t a government agency or any official, but… the President.

The President personally clarified for An Cui and the Yuan family. Following this, General Cao, General Qian, General Yuan, and other officials also spoke out, stunning the public. If it had been some mid-level officials speaking out, people might have accused them of protecting one another. But now, almost the entire government hierarchy had mobilized, and no one could say another foolish word.

If this wasn’t enough to prove that An Cui was innocent, then what kind of godly being was An Cui that made the entire government cover up lies for her? Was there really a need for that?

Moreover, in their clarifications, they also revealed a crisis that occurred in their country seven years ago. In that crisis, perhaps millions of lives were about to be destroyed, but thanks to the wisdom and bravery of Colonel Xie Yong, he saved the lives of many and averted the tragedy before it even began. At the time, to prevent social panic, this incident had not been made public, but now it was being revealed to prevent the orphan of a hero from being treated unjustly.

Colonel Xie’s wife, Ms. Shen Zefang, was once one of the top mechanical experts. Due to poisoning from work, she had to remain bedridden for years. Upon hearing of Colonel Xie’s death, she succumbed to sorrow and passed away.

These two heroes, who sacrificed their loyalty, wisdom, and lives for the country and its people, left behind only one child—Xie Yingying.

Xie Yingying inherited her mother’s talent in the field of mechanics, possessing an incredibly sharp intuition and ability in this area. However, due to some reasons, it had not been discovered until recently when it finally erupted. Unknowingly, she revolutionized robot technology, catching the national attention. Over the past six months, she had received utmost support, allowing her to freely create, which led to the extraordinary mecha she made. She is the only one in the world capable of creating such things. Who could have helped her cheat?

Upon seeing these clarifications, the public fell silent. Many people, sitting in front of their screens, had red eyes. A wave of apologies appeared in response to the initial malicious and unjust speculations.

[Sorry]

[Sorry, Xie Yingying]

[I apologize for previously slandering you for a few bucks and swear I will never engage in such malicious business again]

[Sorry...]

[......]

===================================


